one of the most difficult complications for
patient after bleeding are
respiratory problems
surely beginning we stop
bleeding after stopping
bleeding you have to make sure not
respiratory problems without
respiratory system
for this first we must
make sure that the patient is
position with the creator has no problems
with the way taxes artak inspection then
held visually opening the mouth introducing
fingers in mouth
check if there is vomit
splinters
after oral becoming injured
false teeth and other items that
may interfere with breathing at home in
position of the back affected as
the rule sdyhaet own language then
the root of the tongue descends into the larynx and
covers the airways
our first manipulations we repeat it
cleaning the mouth most important
then turn the patient on
belly but if the position of the patient is not
allows people in on the belly we must
continue our positioning
patient on the back for this we need
give the head the most correct bands
they are for improving the airways
throwing it back up
lower jaw and use improvised
means to create a neck
small pores later on
stayed in the best position at
In this position, the root of the tongue is remembered.
and problems with the fall below but no longer
we will have a block
screaming on real pipes what are they
there are they there are different sizes of them
the value is determined by the distance from
the angle of the patient's mouth to the angle of the lower jaw
or earlobe
how convenient to measure children's sizes
average size and adult sizes and by
its structure
lamellar or tubular and
lamellar
are two plates which
make it easy to extract products from them
vomitus or mucus tubular she
convenient but cleaning it up a little more
complicated or have to rinse
or sell it you can just shake
and so will replace the tube organs for
We chose red for this patient.
colors are his value
as usual arab real here to the most
convenient and safe tube insertion
bend down
tip we inject on the hard palate tip
allowed the tube cleaned and do
180 degree rotation so we
hold the root of the tongue and during
the introduction of this tube we are not confused
tongue back was
there is a second introduction when
the tube is inserted along the edge in this cavity
but also gliding along solid yoga and
turning is 90 degrees important
the moment is
cheers final pipe can't get
her name is all the more her name is always necessary
watch from above what if a person has
vomiting reflex
we will have to flip very
quick extract bark itself guy
real tube can be used
in the position when a person is without
consciousness or in a native state
because it provokes a gag reflex
certainly when a person is in a situation
glare of consciousness this tube should
be extracted otherwise she will
provoke
patient punch job